hey guys I mean what's up peaches
welcome back for some more Pokemon Wi-Fi
battles and this once again la basura I
met him I pokey central um I know the
Hat I say that place is like a doubles
doubles play something like that's like
at going into to hell and she's borrow
someone from there because like most of
the people a douche but um I know the
pastor on he's a pretty cool guy so he
challenged me to a battle and I told him
let's have a uuu battles but no he cited
to let's have a uu / PLO back talk with
only 10 you so here we go I lead up with
damn you my warmer damn he's gonna lead
up with this Oh Carrozza he's gonna shut
up some spikes and I'm just gonna set up
the toxic on him which is pretty good
and um first of all he quits Bay
with his first our friend that was gay
so I sell some stock rocks but yeah
during I turn he creeps me or to surf
which was gay and annoying so um he
rapid spin's and then i go for the chiro
ball and even know where Madame has like
very very low on speed it really doesn't
do anything to the cloister so I know
that guy Rob all ain't gotta do crap to
it so I decided to like stay in and just
set up my rocks again because pro and
yeah all that stuff so he's gonna get
take a lot of damage from poison so this
is like very bad for him so I go for the
protect predicting me a rapid spin and
that totally worked for me because you
know he really stayed in and the toxic
is just gonna wear him down even more um
so I go for the gyroball hear a thing
but no he quits me again that was gay
again well but it probably didn't matter
because you know closer guys he probably
could have sent in something to like
wreck my work with them so he brazing
this guillotine I bring a Nightwing
here we go again with night rain being
scarf and all um he's gonna switch and
he's gonna go into Umbreon which is
rapid roux I'm gonna go for the fried
bird and yeah I get a crick here and
that probably didn't matter because this
um bianca like you know totally screw up
my team later on in the game um so yeah
sorry about that crit dude that was gay
on my part but I think that was probably
like the only hacks in this game I got
on him so yeah um he goes were to
protect again and that kind of fails so
yeah that really sucks for him now
because you know I can just go for the
brave bird and I'm able to kill it so he
goes into grandma I'm like oh my god
grandma year yay that's party say going
to slowly because he wants to party with
grandma for some random reason ninjas
grandma just breathe fire at it because
I don't know that grandma's an imposter
you so he's you're switching to
smart I'm like what is with that silly
little smirk on your face or whatever um
I should have predicted a switch here
into this step tile because I senior
stuck tiles and his bowels before it cuz
I've been watching them lately I know
he's got like this ji sub cedar one so
I'm pretty sure I know when I'm up
against even when I'm facing the step
tile arm so he seeds me and you know I'm
like crap I go for the hidden power ice
I break its up by sentiste faster i made
this is this looks like it ain't gonna
work and you're probably right it ain't
go to work but I have a plan here um
basically I'm not leaving Infernape
blaze for dead father um you're thinking
like why are you leaving your impregnate
to die by a stuffed toy he could help
you in later on a battle well I have a
star raftaar and its scarf so if I can
lay safely bring that in then I will
have like no problems against the step
tiles so yeah and plus the lady will
just drain like more HP on my store
after plus bribery with recoil I really
don't want star up door to take that
much HP damn
so um so this leads he is starting to be
a real pain and I go for him power ice
again he switches I really don't have no
idea why he would switch I mean he
could've just stay in and try to kill my
apron a I guess he was like taking that
at the end he's probably not gonna kill
that because at the end you probably
have he won't have enough HP to set up a
sub so on yeah he brings in your flesh
then i go for the fire blast and blaze
Power Plus that Plus life or that's like
an overkill right there yeah fatality
and that kills his flesh oh yeah I
burned his flesh off and I burn it
straight to hell so a brain sends mark
again and I freaking live his head and
power fire I guess he was thinking that
this hand power is gonna kill me and I
thought it was gonna kill me too to be
honest but it really didn't I was like
holy crap Infernape your freaking beast
um and so outcomes guillotine again and
I'm gonna bring out wardlaw for the win
um I know that um he scarf and I know I
could bring star I don't you know just
to like you is a higher cost but I
really just want to I'm show off my new
right cow arm because this is a request
Pokemon because recently I came home
from school and this guy told me that I
have problems with my with the milk tank
and he said this set will help me out
later on in the future bowel and I
believe in him so that's pretty good
that's pretty cool and yeah it's like
the same right cosset only it's in both
nature and it has reflect and that's
just freaking awesome because since like
right cows can use reflect you know it
can take like um head smash from a
rampardos like a beast or something like
I really don't know about anyway I go
for the brave bird on his grandma and
the thing head smash means and then she
it's a low low low low crit useless
Great Wall fail and so yeah I bring a
disaster and basically I'm just gonna go
for the sucker punch for the win so yeah
that was a good game la vostra um
yeah they crit on your umbreon that was
gay to be honest but you know Chris
happens that you crypt my warmer down so
I guess that makes up for it so um even
though it didn't matter so thank you
guys for watching um yeah more files to
come so comment rate and subscribe and I
will check you guys later peace out
bitches